---
title: 8th UCSLab Morning Seminar
date: 2019-06-27 00:00:00 Z
description: Notificaion of 8th UCSLab Morning Seminar (on 2019-06-27)
card_title: 8th Morning Seminar
card_teaser: with 5 presentations on 2019-06-27.
card_position: 1
icon: fa-bullhorn
categories: [seminars,06-27-2019-morning-seminar,notification]
sidebar: morning-seminar
layout: default
slug: ms-notification-june-27-2019
permalink: /:categories/:slug.html

---

{% assign product = 'ce' %}

{% include layout/row_start.html %}
{% include layout/col_start.html column="7" %}

## Date
2019-06-27

## Presenters
+ Hee-Yong Kwon (권희용)
+ Jong-Hyuk Im (임종혁)
+
+
+


---
## Presentations

---

### Session 1: [Automated Website Fingerprinting through Deep Learning](https://inhaucs.github.io/seminars/06-27-2019-morning-seminar/presentation/ms-presentation-hy-june-27-2019.html)

+ Hee-Yong Kwon (권희용)

### Information of the paper [(Link)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1708.06376)
+ Authors: Vera Rimmer; Davy Preuveneers; Marc Juarez; Tom Van Goethem; Wouter Joosen (KU Leuven)
+ **Conference** name: Network and Distributed System Security Symposium 2018 (NDSS 2018)
+ Published date: 2017-12-05
+ [Paper Link](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1708.06376.pdf)


### Abstract
Several studies have shown that the network traffic that is generated by a visit to a website over Tor reveals information specific to the website through the timing and sizes of network packets. By capturing traffic traces between users and their Tor entry guard, a network eavesdropper can leverage this meta-data to reveal which website Tor users are visiting. The success of such attacks heavily depends on the particular set of traffic features that are used to construct the fingerprint. Typically, these features are manually engineered and, as such, any change introduced to the Tor network can render these carefully constructed features ineffective. In this paper, we show that an adversary can automate the feature engineering process, and thus automatically deanonymize Tor traffic by applying our novel method based on deep learning. We collect a dataset comprised of more than three million network traces, which is the largest dataset of web traffic ever used for website fingerprinting, and find that the performance achieved by our deep learning approaches is comparable to known methods which include various research efforts spanning over multiple years. The obtained success rate exceeds 96% for a closed world of 100 websites and 94% for our biggest closed world of 900 classes. In our open world evaluation, the most performant deep learning model is 2% more accurate than the state-of the-art attack. Furthermore, we show that the implicit features automatically learned by our approach are far more resilient to dynamic changes of web content over time. We conclude that the ability to automatically construct the most relevant traffic features and perform accurate traffic recognition makes our deep learning based approach an efficient, flexible and robust technique for website fingerprinting.

---

### Session 2: [PrivBioMTAuth: Privacy Preserving Biometrics-Based and User Centric Protocol for User Authentication From Mobile Phones](https://inhaucs.github.io/seminars/06-27-2019-morning-seminar/presentation/ms-presentation-jh-june-27-2019.html)

+ Jong-Hyuk Im (임종혁)

### Information of the paper [(Link)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8119873)
+ Authors: Hasini Gunasinghe; Elisa Bertino (Purdue University)
+ **Journal** name: IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security
+ Published date: 2017-11-24
+ [Paper Link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8119873)

### Abstract
We introduce a privacy preserving biometrics-based authentication solution by which users can authenticate to different service providers from mobile phones without involving identity providers in the transactions. Authentication is performed via zero-knowledge proof of knowledge, based on a cryptographic identity token that encodes the biometric identifier of the user and a secret provided by the user, making it three-factor authentication. Our approach for generating a unique, repeatable, and revocable biometric identifier from the user's biometric image is based on a machine learning-based classification technique, which involves the features extracted from the user's biometric image. We have implemented a prototype of the proposed authentication solution and evaluated our solution with respect to its performance, security, and privacy. The evaluation has been performed on a public data set of face images.

---

### Session 3: [Title](https://inhaucs.github.io/seminars/04-29-2019-morning-seminar/presentation/ms-presentation-jh-apr-29-2019.html)

---

### Session 4: [Title](https://inhaucs.github.io/seminars/04-29-2019-morning-seminar/presentation/ms-presentation-jh-apr-29-2019.html)

---

### Session 5: [Title](https://inhaucs.github.io/seminars/04-29-2019-morning-seminar/presentation/ms-presentation-jh-apr-29-2019.html)

---





{% include date/updated.html %}

{% include layout/col_end.html %}
{% include layout/col_start.html column="4 last push1" %}

{% include layout/row_end.html %}
